Update Table and AdvancedTable content to make documentation more concise (#3187)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/table/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

### When not to use

- As a layout mechanism. Instead, use [Flex](/layouts/flex) or [Grid](/layouts/grid) layout helpers.

> - When data requires scrolling, more levels of hierarchy, or when keyboard navigation is needed to achieve usability. Instead, use the [Advanced Table](components/table/advanced-table).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When data requires scrolling, more levels of hierarchy, or when keyboard navigation is needed to achieve usability. Instead, use the [Advanced Table](/components/table/advanced-table).
```
[Issue] Broken link

The column placement property is only relevant in Figma and doesn’t exist as a property in code.
!!!

Column placement determines the visual styling based on where the column is within the table structure.

![Table column placement example](/assets/components/table/table-col-placement.png)

### Alignment

The content's alignment can impact readability and scannability. The proper alignment method depends on the content type and its relative position in the table.

!!! Do

Use consistent alignment between the header label and the cell content in a column.

![Table column placement example](/assets/components/table/table-alignment-do.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

Avoid misaligned header labels and content.

![Table column placement example](/assets/components/table/table-alignment-dont.png)
!!!

> #### Left alignment

Reviewer 2: @jorytindall The Figma component used to use start/end, didn't it? Do you remember when/why that would have changed?

> #### Left alignment

Author: No, I don't but I just looked back and it has been that way since we published 2.0 so this isn't a recent change.

> #### Left alignment

Reviewer 3: Thinking back I _do_ remember some discussion about this, but I can't remember the context. It did used to use start/end, which was intentionally agnostic to account for internationalization, but the argument in code is left/center/right. I imagine that's why it was changed.

The row placement property is only relevant in Figma and doesn’t exist as a property in code.
!!!

The `rowPlacement` property determines the border radius of a cell. It is only available on cells where the `colPlacement` property is set to `start` or `end`. 

> ![Table row placement example](/assets/components/table/table-row-placement.png)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
![](/assets/components/table/table-row-placement.png)
```

## Headers

- Labels in headers should be concise and straightforward.
- The label should clearly indicate what type of content is contained within the cell, e.g., Created date, Email, Project name.
- Labels should always use sentence-case.

## Cells

For the user to scan, sort, and filter the table easily, each cell should contain a single piece of data. Having more than one piece of data in a cell makes it harder for users to navigate the relationships between headers and cells.

### Density

- By default, use the `medium` density for balance and readability.
- To fit more rows on a page, use the `short` density. Use this only for text-heavy tables, as it can make them harder to scan.
- For a smaller dataset, e.g., basic user data, consider using the `tall` density to provide the content with more breathing room.

> ![Table cell density](/assets/components/table/table-density.png)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
![](/assets/components/table/table-density.png)
```

## Horizontal scrolling

> Use horizontal scrolling when the number of columns exceeds the viewport or container. Use the [Advanced Table](components/table/advanced-table) when keyboard navigation and sticky columns ease the reading experience for large datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use horizontal scrolling when the number of columns exceeds the viewport or container. Use the [Advanced Table](/components/table/advanced-table) when keyboard navigation and sticky columns ease the reading experience for large datasets.
```
[Issue] Broken link

The row placement property is only relevant in Figma and doesn’t exist as a property in code.
!!!

Row placement determines the visual styling based on where the row is located. Only cells with a column placement that is `start` or `end` utilize the row placement property; column position `middle` does not utilize this property.

![Table row placement example](/assets/components/table/table-row-placement.png)

## Headers

- Labels in headers should be concise and straightforward.
- The label should clearly indicate what type of content is contained within the cell (e.g. Created date, Email, Project name).
- Labels should always use sentence-case capitalization.

## Cells

> In order for the user to sort and read the table easily, each cell in a table should contain one piece of data. Having more than one piece of information inside a cell makes it harder for users to navigate the relationships between headers and content. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the user to scan, sort, and filter the table easily, each cell should contain a single piece of data. Having more than one piece of data in a cell makes it harder for users to navigate the relationships between headers and cells.
```

### Density

> - Use `medium` density by default for balanced readability and display.
> - Choose `short` density for text-heavy tables to fit more rows on a page but can make tables harder to read and scan, so use it thoughtfully.
> - If content is complex or a smaller data set (e.g., a Table of basic user data), `tall` cell density allows for more breathing room surrounding the content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- By default, use the `medium` density for balance and readability.
- To fit more rows on a page, use the `short` density. Use this only for text-heavy tables, as it can make them harder to scan.
- For a smaller dataset, e.g., basic user data, consider using the `tall` density to provide the content with more breathing room.
```

![Table cell density](/assets/components/table/table-density.png)

## Horizontal scrolling

> Use horizontal scrolling when columns need to expand beyond the standard container. We recommend only implementing horizontal scrolling when data becomes difficult to read in a single view. Use the [Advanced Table](components/table/advanced-table), when keyboard navigation and sticky columns ease the reading experience for large data-sets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use horizontal scrolling when the number of columns exceeds the viewport or container. Use the [Advanced Table](components/table/advanced-table) when keyboard navigation and sticky columns ease the reading experience for large datasets.
```

For more information on the types of approaches used to implement horizontal scrolling, refer to the [code tab](/components/table/table?tab=code#scrollable-table)

## Multi-select

> Multi-select allows users to select multiple rows to perform bulk actions, such as deleting or exporting data. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multi-select allows users to select multiple rows to perform bulk actions, such as deleting or exporting data. Selection states are maintained across pagination and filtering. 
```

A multi-select consists of: 

> 1. A select all in the table's header row to allow the selection or deselection of all child rows simultaneously.

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] Since these have been turned into full sentences, I would remove line 186 and the numbering from this and line 192.

```suggestion
A "Select all" checkbox is used in the header row to allow the simultaneous selection or deselection of all child rows.
```

![Example of multi-select in a table header](/assets/components/table/multi-select-header.png)

> 2. Row level select allowing for the selection of an individual row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Individual checkboxes added to each row allow for the selection of that row.
```

This example covers basic multi-select table interactions. We're working to include more complex patterns for handling actions when multiple rows are selected and how this impacts filtering and pagination within a data set. For questions or concerns, please reach out to [#team-design-systems](https://hashicorp.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C7KTUHNUS)

> !!!

Reviewer 2: I suggest we remove this banner.

- When individual rows are selected, the parent checkbox in the Table header changes to display an indeterminate state. 
- When no or some rows (but not all) are selected in a single Table, clicking the parent checkbox in the Table header will change to display as checked and all rows on that page will be selected.

> - When all rows are selected in a single Table, the parent checkbox in the header appears as checked. Clicking the parent checkbox will deselect all rows on that page.

Reviewer 2: This content should be included as it's part of the interaction pattern that isn't defined by the above bullet points. Though it could stand to be updated to something like:

> When all rows are selected, clicking "Select all" in the header will uncheck the checkbox, and all rows on that page will be deselected.

> - When individual rows are selected, the parent checkbox in the header displays an indeterminate state. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When individual rows are selected, the "Select all" checkbox in the header displays an indeterminate state. 
```

> - When no or some rows (but not all) are selected, clicking the parent checkbox in the header will change to checked and all rows on that page will be selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When no or some rows (but not all) are selected, clicking "Select all" in the header will check the checkbox, and all rows on that page will be selected.
```
